Phil/Chin 3130, Fall 2025
Clemson University
Instructor: Yanming An

Requirement for Term Paper
1. Topic.
Students are welcome to choose any topic which interests them under the condition that it must be related to the issue/question we studied and discussed in our class. It has to reflect what you learned through this semester.
I welcome, even encourage students to approach your topic through comparative research, the examples may include, the positive and negative forms of Golden rule, the social law and natural law, the phenomena/essence vs. substance/function, the nationalism and social Darwinism, the mandate of Heaven and divine right, the different views of life/death in major civilizations, etc.

2. AI use in writing your paper.
You are encouraged to use AI, such as ChatGPT to look for the useful materials, even help to structure your paper. However, the paper itself must be written by yourself. It is not tolerable for AI as a tool of cheating in writing paper. 

3. Format. MLA, 12 font, Times New Roman, double space, 8-10 pages. 

4. Procedure. Before 11/15 Saturday, student needs send me an outline about the paper. I will check all of them and arrange zoom meeting to discuss it if it is needed. Paper due on 11:59 PM. Delay for delivery will drop one grade each day with the portion of final paper, e.g. from A to B. After three days there may be no need to send. 

5. The rubric of grading.
A. A paper that raised a original question and tentatively offered a possible solution, or provided a creative solution or interpretation for an old question. In other words, I feel that I myself really learned something from reading it (although the paper may contain certain shortcoming here or there)
B. B paper that shows clear understanding and good statement about a topic which was fully and thoroughly discussed in class. For example, Mencius’s system of political philosophy from human nature to the argument legitimacy of peasant rebellion.
C. A paper that contains major mistake, such as Mencius argues for the neutrality of human nature, Mencius believes that environment can change the nature of human, The Buddha encourages everyone to accumulate good karma to go to paradise and enjoy eternal life there etc.  
D. It contains several major mistakes, and the statement and argument is truly confusing.


